*humming* ♪ Hmm-hmm-hmm ♪
♪ Hmm, hmm-hmm.. ♪
♪ Hmm, hmm..
NoriP: That hurt!
Ah!
You appeared!
Ai: It's you, NoriP-san
NoriP: Hello, I'm NoriP
Ai: It's a pleasure!
NoriP: It's a pleasure!
Ai: This means that it's time for Cryptract, right?
Ai: Eh?
Ai: Hey, hey, say something...
*laughs*
NoriP: Nice to meet you, it's always a pleasure working with you
Ai: The pleasure is mine!
NoriP: I saw the results from the video with Mamiruton-san
Ai: Oh!
NoriP: It was a resounding success
Ai: Yaaay!
Ai: Ah!
NoriP: Mamiruton-san is very adorable, right?
Ai: Are you talking about me?
NoriP: No, Ai-chan, you're also adorable, but...
NoriP: You did a competition between yourselves..
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: And that at the end was very entertaining
Ai: We did it
Ai: You know, Mamiruton-san has...
Ai: A character called Dorimia-chan, right?
(Mamiruton does the voice dub of that character)
NoriP: Yes
Ai: That's exactly what I mean
Ai: I also...
Ai: Will obtain...
Ai: My own character, right?
NoriP: It's possible, yes, but I don't have much authority to make it..
Ai: Eh?!
Ai: No!
NoriP: You know, NoriP doesn't have much power..
Ai: But I have a great artistic talent...
NoriP: Ah
Ai: I can draw a character and I can design their appearance and create their story!
Ai: And also if you prefer, I can...
Ai: You know...
Ai: I could add some kind of wings and many other things...
Ai: And I can also think of all their skills!
NoriP: You're very desperate!
Ai: What do you think?!
NoriP: No, well...
NoriP: I think it will depend on how hard you try
Ai: I'll work hard!
NoriP: I'll talk with the people in charge..
NoriP: What character class would you like to have?
Ai: Eh?
Ai: Hypothetically speaking?
Ai: Well, at the moment, my...
Ai: Team, my guild's name...
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Is Kizunazaka46..
Ai: I stole the name from the Keyakizaka group idol but...
NoriP: *laughs* You stole the name?
Ai: BUT..!
Ai: Well, well, let's just say it's kind of a tribute from me...
Ai: Yes
Ai: That's why.. that's why...
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Definitely, I'd like it to be like an idol...
Ai: That sings and dances..
Ai: That's right, I'd like it to be a character who dances like an idol!
Ai: In fact, at this time, by Cryptract..
Ai: Well...
Ai: I'll sing, so please look at me!
NoriP: Yes
Ai: I think this way I can show you that I'm serious..
Ai: ♪ Thousands of cherry trees dissolve into the night ♪
(Song: "Senbonzakura" by Hatsune Miku, produced by Kurousa-P")
Ai: ♪ Not even your voice will reach ♪
Ai: ♪ This is a banquet inside a steel jail... ♪
NoriP: Ai-chan..
Ai: Yes!
Ai: Mmm?
NoriP: We're talking about Cryptract
Aaah!
Ai: How disrespectful! How disrecpectful!
Ai: Well, it's just that I got so excited..
Ai: Eh?
NoriP: Yes, yes
Ai: I...
Ai: How did I sing?
NoriP: Well, you sang very well
Ai: Could this be your main song?
NoriP: Well, it could be...
Ai: "Well, it could be"...
NoriP: I see you're interested in singing the song of a character, right?
Ai: That's right!
Ai: The character that Kizuna Ai made...
Ai: I'll put my song!
Ai: Genjuu Keiyaku Cryptract!
Ai: "with Kizuna Ai" or something like that
NoriP: You'd like to do something like that, right?
Ai: Yes!
Ai: What do you think?
NoriP: What do I think...
*laughs*
Ai: I'll do anything
NoriP: Really?
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: Good, let's work hard
NoriP: A bit more...
Ai: A bit more...
NoriP: Well... If you try a little more Ai-chan...
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: It's possible it may come true
Ai: If I work hard?
NoriP: Yes!
NoriP: If you study more about Cryptract...
NoriP: And if you bring your knowledge to Cryptract...
Ai: Ah!
NoriP: There's a possibility that it'll happen
Ai: In that case...!
NoriP: That's what I think
Ai: Let's do a quiz!
NoriP: A quiz?
Ai: A quiz!
NoriP: Yes!
Ai: I'd probably able to answer everything correctly!
NoriP: Really?
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: Do you know a lot?
NoriP: Have you been studying about Cryptract?
Ai: Of course..
NoriP: Since I thought something like that would happen...
NoriP: Today I prepared...
NoriP: A quiz..
Ai: Aaaaahhh!
NoriP: Good, shall we begin with the quiz?
Ai: Oh!
Ai: The Cryptract quiz!
Ai: Pafu, pafu!
NoriP: Good...
NoriP: Eh, within the following characters...
NoriP: Which of these is one that has a Leader ability..
NoriP: That increases the power of attack of their companions?
Ai: Oh!
Ai: It's a support skill, right?
NoriP: That's right
NoriP: 1) Lilianne
Ai: Yes
Ai: Oh!
NoriP: 2) Erubii
NoriP: 3) Amaririth
Ai: Oh!
NoriP: 4) Bigmamu
*inhales*
Ai: I have none of these characters, right..?
NoriP: Even though they are very adorable, right?
Ai: They're adorable!
Ai: You know, Amaririth-chan is definitely cute!
NoriP: What's up?
*laughs*
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Amaririth-chan!
NoriP: Incorrect!
Aaaaaaaaah!
Ai: But...
Ai: I don't have any of these characters...
Ai: How am I supposed to remember something I don't know?
NoriP: That's your excuse?
Ai: Yes..
*laughs*
NoriP: In that case, what do you think is the correct answer?
Ai: Eh?
Ai: Bigmamu!
NoriP: Correct!
Ai: Aaaah!
Ai: Damn it!
NoriP: You were close..
Ai: Well, on seeing it, it gave me the impression..
Ai: That it was very aggressive..
Ai: "It looked liked it was very offensive" or something like that..
NoriP: Mmmm..
Ai: It made me doubt myself!
NoriP: You can obtain Bigmamu..
Ai: Mmm?
NoriP: If you complete the missions called "Genjuu Toubatsu"
(Literally: Mystical Creature Suppresion)
NoriP: It's one of the rewards you get..
Ai: I'll obtain it!
*laughs*
Ai: I plan to get it..
NoriP: You plan to get it?
Ai: I plan to get Bigmamu..
NoriP: Bigmamu!
Ai: That which is on top of Bigmamu..
Ai: That kitty..
Ai: Is it a small "mamu"?
NoriP: No, let's say the combination of both is called Bigmamu
Ai: Ah, I see
*laughs*
Ai: It's not a "mini-mamu", is it?
Ai: Something like "Bigmamu" and "Mini-mamu"
Ai: Good!
Ai: Well, it's over! Ghan, ghan, ghan!
NoriP: Let's continue..
Ai: Oh!
NoriP: Within the following characters...
NoriP: Eh...
NoriP: Which character is the one that doesn't have a Leader ability..
That increases the possibility of obtaining items?
NoriP: 1) Ragdoll
NoriP: 2) Mindy
NoriP: 3) Jennette
NoriP: 4) Catt
Ai: Ah!
Ai: That one behind Jennette...
Ai: Isn't it Bigmamu?
NoriP: Oh, I see you're very observative!
Ai: That means it can be used in summoning mode, right?
NoriP: That's right
Ai: Ooooh! Victorious look
Ai: Eeeehh?
Ai: Well...
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: Yes!
Ai: Ragdoll-chan!
NoriP: Incorrect!
Ai: I won
Ai: Yes, yes!
*laughs*
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Minry-chan!
NoriP: Correct!
Yaaaaay!
Ai: She's very pretty, right?
Ai: She carries a cat-shaped umbrella..
NoriP: She's adorable
Ai: Man
NoriP: But that's not Minry..
*both laugh*
*inhales*
Ai: Of course not!
NoriP: Of course not!
Ai: It's often said that life is hard, right?
NoriP: Of course not, right?
Ai: Eh?
NoriP: Her Leader ability is widely used
Ai: Mmh, mmh..
NoriP: When creatures drop items...
NoriP: This Leader ability allows her to increase the probability of obtaining more of them..
Ai: Ah..
Ai: She's very useful!
NoriP: She's very useful, right?
Ai: She's very useful, right?
NoriP: That's why you should get this character as soon as possible
Ai: Mmm...
Ai: It's like instead of fighting, she's a more item-gathering character
NoriP: That's right
Ai: That sounds good
NoriP: Make sure to...
NoriP: Obtain her in the summoning..
Ai: Understood, leave it to me!
NoriP: I'll leave it on your hands
Ai: Yes!
Ai: Ah!
NoriP: Ah!
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: What's up?
Ai: Can I ask a question?
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Don't you want to test my ability to..
Ai: You know, make names?
Ai: Definitely, as well as my ability to create characters..
NoriP: Well yes..
NoriP: I want to check it
Ai: I knew it!
NoriP: Yes!
Ai: Good, here I go!
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Personally I think that by its appearance, it might be suitable for Ragdoll-chan, but...
Ai: The skill name might be...
Ai: "Eccentric"!
*Kizuna's Idea: Leader Ability "Eccentric"*
Ai: Doesn't it sound great?
NoriP: It sounds great
Ai: Plus...
NoriP: Yes
Ai: With respect to...
Ai: The effect that possesses the Leader Ability
Ai: The turns are just conjecture, but...
Ai: By passing 35 turns...
Ai: Well, if you could...
Ai: Expect that amount of skills, I mean, turns...
NoriP: Yes
Ai: You can defeat...
Ai: Randomly...
Ai: At an enemy!
NoriP: That sounds really incredible!
Ai: That's right, it's really incredible!
Ai: But it's not activated unless all those turns have passed..
Ai: What do you think?
NoriP: Sounds good
Ai: Sounds good?
Ai: SHAAA!
NoriP: But we probably might not be able to use it..
Ai: Oh...
*laughs*
NoriP: But don't lose hope!
Ai: Oh! Good, good, good!
NoriP: I'll tell the others about this
Ai: True, it's important to convey it properly..
NoriP: That's right, it's important
NoriP: I'll convey it to them
Ai: Humility is important, Kizuna..
Ai: Good!
Ai: Good, let's continue with the following!
NoriP: Question number three..
Ai: Yes! Te, ren!
NoriP: This is a question related to the feature of making contracts within the game..
Ai: Oh!
NoriP: Eh, Ai-chan, last time, you obtained Elizabeth during the summoning...
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: Choose from the following options what you need to make a contract with Elizabeth..
NoriP: There's four!
Ai: Four!
NoriP: That you need..
Ai: Good
Ai: I think I already know two..
NoriP: Good
Ai: Here I go!
Ai: I want to confirm it
NoriP: Yes..
Ai: The first is number 2!
Ai: And later...
Ai: The number 4!
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Plus...
Ai: Number 3!
NoriP: Yes
Ai: And...
Ai: I'm hesitating between number 5 and number 8..
Ai: While definitely considering that she's dressed for a wedding...
NoriP: Yes
Ai: It must be something white!
NoriP: Oh!
Ai: In order to combine..
Ai: But both are white!
Ai: Both are white, but...
Ai: Ah, but she also has something that's light blue...
Ai: Ah, both have something with a light blue color!
Ai: Number 8!
Ai: I choose 8 cause it's adorable!
NoriP: Regrettably...
Ai: Oooooh..
NoriP: You're wrong..
Ai: Which one was I wrong?
NoriP: Well... You were wrong on number 2...
Ai: ..I already knew that
NoriP: Well, the correct answer is...
NoriP: Number 3, number 4, number 6 and number 7..
Ai: Oh.. oh!
Ai: I was completely wrong!
Ai: I only got two!
NoriP: You guessed them, didn't you?
Ai: True, I was in doubt of what the right choices would be..
Ai: I guessed, but...
Ai: I definitely didn't want to go wrong on the other two..
Ai: Doesn't it happen at times?
NoriP: It's true..
Ai: It was like a psychological pressure..
NoriP: Yes, yes
Ai: I was very weak..
NoriP: Well, have you memorized them?
Ai: I memorized them!
Ai: Three, four...
Ai: Six, seven..
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Now that I think about it, I remember that number seven was certain
Ai: I was certain but I got influenced by the white color..
Ai: Damn it!
NoriP: Well, then we'll do a practical test!
Ai: Oooh!
NoriP: Eh, Ai-chan, you can participate in any mission you want using your favorite team..
Ai: Yes
NoriP: And well... if you fight well...
NoriP: Well, if you beat it without any problems...
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: We'll approve it..
Ai: I seeee..
Ai: Well...
Ai: It'll be a piece of cake, right?
NoriP: Will it be a piece of cake?
Ai: After all...
Ai: I also won against Mamiruton-san, so then...
NoriP: It's true!
Ai: Yes
NoriP: You won against her, right?
Ai: I surpassed my master
NoriP: It's true
Ai: *ashamed laughter* something like that, right?
NoriP: Now she's also a member, right?
Ai: That's right, that's right..
NoriP: Now she's a member of your Union
Ai: I'm the master, right?
NoriP: Master
Ai: Yes
Ai: Good, I'm planning to play with this formation..
NoriP: You're sure of using this formation?
Ai: Yes!
Ai: This is the same formation I used to crush Mamiruton
NoriP: You played a showdown with her, right?
(She did it in Mamiruton's channel)
Ai: Yes!
Ai: Sonia-chan, Clarice-chan, Elizabeth-chan and...
NoriP: Yes
NoriP: Ah..
Ai: Cut
Ai: Lucre...
NoriP: Lucrecia
Ai: Lucrecia-san..
*laughs*
*inhales*
Ai: She has a rather complicated name..
Ai: And...
NoriP: Yes
Ai: This...
NoriP: What mission are you planning to do?
Ai: This... this great mission...
Ai: Can I do the mission of this character?
NoriP: Yes, that's fine..
Ai: Good!
NoriP: Can you defeat it?
NoriP: It's very difficult...
Ai: Well, if it's about...
Ai: Difficulty 4.4, for me it's like nothing..
NoriP: Good, shall we try it?
Ai: Yes!
Ai: Good, within my friends...
Ai: What's this..
Ai: Character's property?
NoriP: Light..
Ai: Light?
Ai: Then I should choose Dark characters...
NoriP: But against the Light, definitely the Darkness won't...
Ai: Ah!
Ai: It's true
Ai: In this case..
Ai: Ehey!
Ai: I want her..
NoriP: You plan on obtaining her in the summonings?
Ai: Please..
Ai: Hey!
NoriP: I'm counting on you
Ai: Ah..
Ai: She's really not appearing..
Ai: I really want her
Ai: She should appear!
Ai: She should appear..
Ai: I'll do summonings until she appears
NoriP: What's the strategy you'll use for this battle?
Ai: My strategy is to first use Clarice-chan to improve the stats of my group...
Ai: And later I should find the right timing...
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Elizabeth-chan...
Ai: Has a two-turn ability, so then...
Ai: I need to watch carefully to find the right time to do it!
Ai: And also...
Ai: With respect to Sonia-chan...
Ai: Everyone can...
Ai: Avoid dying from one hit, so then...
NoriP: Yes
Ai: That's one of the main points of my strategy..
Ai: This!
NoriP: Yes
Ai: I'll use the ability that takes 3 turns to activate..
Ai: And then...
Ai: While making use of the fact that I'm in advantage...
Ai: If I'm able to use Clarice-chan's ability to improve the stats...
Ai: I can, well...
Ai: Finish easily...
Ai: Finish my enemies easily..
NoriP: I didn't expect any less from the master
Ai: "Yes"
NoriP: You have a surprising fighting system, you've gotten used to it, right?
Ai: That's right, I've been studying a lot
NoriP: You've been playing a lot, haven't you?
Ai: Yes! I worked hard..
Ai: Finally I reached...
Ai: Finally I reached it..
NoriP: Lucrecia?
Ai: Lucrecia..
Ai: Lu...
Ai: Listen, NoriP-san
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Please repeat "Lucrecia" five times..
NoriP: Lucrecia, Lucrecia, Lucrecia, Lucrecia, Lucrecia..
Ai: Ah..
NoriP: Try it yourself
Ai: Lucrecia, Lucrecia, Lucrecia, Lucrecia, Lucrecia, Lucrecia..
Ai: Did I say it?
*laughs*
NoriP: You've been at the limit..
Ai: At the limit!
*inhales*
Ai: Aaaah!
NoriP: Please concentrate!
Ai: Ah! Ah! Ah, please look at this!
NoriP: Oh!
Ai: I already defeated one!
NoriP: Without realizing it, you've already...
Ai: That's right!
Ai: Ah!
Ai: Those attacks that have a counter are terrifying, right?
NoriP: They're terrifying, right?
Ai: That's right, it's very difficult to calculate the right timing to use the stat improvement skill..
Ai: And this...
Ai: Ah, right!
Ai: This...
Ai: Ah! Right!
Ai: I'm glad that the two turns have already passed...
Ai: But I wish I could've improve their stats!
Ai: It sometimes happens, right?
NoriP: It's true..
Ai: That's right
NoriP: But I see you're doing well without issues..
Ai: That's right, I'm doing well!
Ai: Good!
Ai: Good! Good, good!
Ai: What do you think of this?
NoriP: Well...
NoriP: You're doing well
Ai: If you compare me with my weak self from before then...
NoriP: You've improved a lot, right?
Ai: That's right!
NoriP: Incredible
Ai: Hahaha..
NoriP: You've already completed the first wave, right?
Ai: Good!
Ai: Don't you think this it'll be really easy?
NoriP: It looks like it'll be easy, right?
Ai: I haven't lost any HP..
NoriP: Oh..
Ai: Oh..
Ai: No, the boost skill...
Ai: For the moment, I'll use it now...
NoriP: This part is difficult, right?
NoriP: During the second wave, you should...
NoriP: Well...
NoriP: Accumulate skills in order to use them in the third wave...
Ai: That's right, it's true
Ai: But, with respect to that...
Ai: You know...
Ai: Elizabeth-chan...
NoriP: Yes!
Ai: Well...
Ai: Rather than needing to wait...
Ai: I can...
Ai: I'll use in only one turn...
NoriP: Yes
Ai: While I wait...
Ai: Since I can't use her too much...
NoriP: Yes
Ai: So then it's easy to use..
NoriP: Oh..
Ai: Oh..
Ai: Oh..?
Ai: But the enemy is pretty formidable, right?
NoriP: It's very powerful! Right?
Ai: That's right
Ai: Hehehe..
NoriP: You've gotten a lot stronger yourself, right?
Ai: NoriP-san has also called me master..
NoriP: Master!
NoriP: Master, can I join your Union?
Ai: I suppose I have no other option
*laughs*
Ai: In return...
Ai: You know, right?
NoriP: Ah...
Ai: Good?
NoriP: What... are you talking about?
Ai: Well, you know, of my song...
Ai: Forming part of Cryptract...
NoriP: *laughs*
Ai: And also my character appearing..
Ai: Right?
NoriP: It's true
NoriP: Well, if you can beat the practical test of today...
NoriP: And if you successfully complete the questions quiz..
Ai: Well, I already beat the questions quiz, I got them all right..
NoriP: Eh?
Ai: Eh?
NoriP: You were wrong in all of them!
*laughs*
Ai: I was wrong in all of them, right?
NoriP: You were wrong in all of them!
Ai: Wasn't that a dream then?
NoriP: Eh? It was a dream?
Ai: That's what I think..
NoriP: Do you dream?
Ai: No, well, you know, the question about the contract in the game...
NoriP: Yes, yes, yes, yes
Ai: Well...
Ai: I guessed half..
NoriP: You guessed half, right?
Ai: Look! Look! Look!
NoriP: Oh!
NoriP: Keep up the good work until the end!
Ai: Look!
Ai: This is very easy
NoriP: It's very easy, right?
Ai: It finally appeared
Ai: That appearance with that lightning is...
Ai: Ah? It's huge! It looks great
Ai: Eh?
Ai: It looks great
Ai: If you're planning to make my character appear...
NoriP: Yes
Ai: In fact...
Ai: What do you think if I think up of a monster too?
NoriP: Yes, that sounds like a good idea
Ai: With cat ears..
NoriP: With cat ears?
Ai: Even though it's actually an A.I
NoriP: Although it's actually an A.I
Ai: Even though it's an A.I
NoriP: In Mamiruton-san's case...
Ai: Yes
NoriP: Well...
NoriP: The players sent us their drawings...
Ai: Aaaahhh!
NoriP: And well...
NoriP: That's how we created Dorimia-chan..
Ai: Ah, I see
NoriP: It's cause of that...
NoriP: That if you work harder, Ai-chan...
NoriP: There exists a possibility that it will happen
Ai: Oh, ho, ho...
Ai: Ah, but you know, I'd like to take advantage of the opportunity...
Ai: For people to be able to participate, right?
NoriP: Yes, yes, yes..
Ai: But..
Ai: You know...
Ai: I'd like to attempt to do the drawing
NoriP: You want to do the drawing?
Ai: I want to do the drawing, but...
Ai: I could ask everyone to participate by contributing ideas for skills...
Ai: And then be able to choose...
Ai: Senbutsu? Senbatsu?
(Choosing is "Senbatsu")
Ai: Choose?
Ai: That's what I want..
NoriP: You can do it in private
Ai: In private?
Ai: Eh?
Ai: I can use someone else's idea...
NoriP: You can use another idea...
Ai: And send it as my own...
NoriP: And send it as your own
Ai: I finished!
Ai: Even though it's not my idea..
Ai: How sad!
*inhales*
Ai: That's very sad..
NoriP: It's very sad, isn't it?
Ai: This is... Aaaahh! Wait!
Ai: Ah, Eh?
Ai: Ah, ah! I can still do it
NoriP: Ooohh...
NoriP: That was close..
Ai: I can do it, I can do it, that was close..
Ai: Ah! Ah! Ah! I only need to wait one more turn, good job!
Ai: Good job!
Ai: Here I should...
Ai: Eh? What is this? Fog? Fog?
NoriP: It looks like it, doesn't it?
Ai: Eh? What happens when there's fog?
NoriP: If you're interested in knowing its effect, you'll now be able to see it..
NoriP: As you can see...
Ai: Ooohh!
*Weather (Heavy Fog) effect: Light-based units take less damage*
Ai: Eh? Ah, I'm in trouble..
Ai: I'm.. I'm in trouble..
NoriP: You're in trouble, right?
Ai: I'm in trouble..
Ai: Ah, to top it off, it immobilized me with electricity!
Ai: Even though I was waiting for the necessary turns!
Ai: I have to start from scratch again!
Ai: It's so unfair..
Ai: And to think only one turn was left!
Ai: That's why I was thinking of using Clarice-chan to improve their stats...
Ai: Or that's what I wanted to do...
Ai: It's unfair..
NoriP: It's unfair
Ai: Aaaaugh!
Ai: I'm in trouble, I'm in trouble...
NoriP: You're in trouble
Ai: The danger level is very high..
Ai: I feel like I'm probably in trouble..
NoriP: You're in trouble, right?
Ai: I'm really in trouble..
Ai: Eh?
Ai: What did you do?
*laughs*
NoriP: Is it my fault?
Ai: Are you not intentionally interfering to avoid me completing the mission?!
NoriP: *laughs* I'm not interfering!
Ai: After all, I'm in trouble!
Ai: Three turns!
Ai: Resist!
Ai: Noooo!
Ai: Listen! Listen! Wait...
Ai: Wait, calm down..
Ai: At this time you must breathe deeply..
Ai: *inhale, inhale, exhale*, something like that, right?
NoriP: This giant enemy looks difficult..
Ai: It's true..
Ai: I'm in trouble..
Ai: Stop, please!
Ai: Eh?
Ai: Ah..
Ai: Ah, I'm still alive..
NoriP: Oh, man...
Ai: Ah, I died once...
Ai: And returned...
Ai: Stop it!
NoriP: Your friend appeared to help you, right?
Ai: My friend appeared!
Ai: That's the character...
Ai: That I always wanted to have!
Ai: Ah!
Ai: Eh?
NoriP: Ah!
Ai: Ah..
Ai: That's right, times like these is when the power is activated...
Ai: That revives you the first time you die..
Ai: Hey!
Ai: I want to obtain Tiana-chan!
Ai: That attack is great
Ai: I want to have her..
Ai: I want to have Tiana-chan..
NoriP: *laughs*
Ai: Ah, if you get Tiana-chan...
Ai: I could end this much more easily..
NoriP: I won't gift it to you
Ai: Of course, when will the next character appear?
NoriP: The next.. well, yes...
NoriP: If you try harder Ai-chan, then...
Ai: If I try hard, will you gift it to me?
NoriP: Well, our intention is to launch a new character..
NoriP: If you try hard Ai-chan, maybe some day we'll gift it to you..
Ai: I see!
Ai: What's the next major update?
NoriP: Well, it's a secret..
Ai: Mmm?
Ai: Ah, I'm in trouble..
Ai: Eh?
NoriP: I think this is impossible now..
Ai: I'm in trouble!
NoriP: *laughs*
Ai: What does this mean?
NoriP: This is...
NoriP: Useless, right?
NoriP: Aren't you in trouble?
Ai: That's not true..
NoriP: What... what do you plan to do? You still want to continue?
NoriP: Ah, but you can still do it!
Ai: It's true, I can do it
Ai: I can do it, right?
Ai: Ah..
Ai: They don't give me time to make my attack!
NoriP: With this, now...
Ai: NOOOO!
Ai: Oooh... it's the end now..
Ai: Ah, ah... how did this happen?
NoriP: There's no more hope..
Ai: There's no more hope, right?
NoriP: *laughs*
Ai: You can't... you can't do something about this fog?
Ai: Aooohhhh!
NoriP: It's very difficult, right?
Ai: How can this be..?
Ai: I'm really in trouble!
Ai: I'm in trouble!
Ai: I'm about to cry..
Ai: I can't defeat anyone..
Ai: Go for it!
*inhales*
Ai: Go for iiit!
Ai: I have no choice but to despair..
Ai: Why..
Ai: Can't I defeat them?
Ai: Why can't I defeat them?
NoriP: You don't have energy to try harder, right?
Ai: I don't have enough energy!
Ai: Maybe those enemies can recover?
Ai: Wait a moment!
Ai: Let's calm down..
Ai: Eiyaa!
NoriP: Now...
NoriP: Only your character friend is left..
Ai: Ah!
Ai: I knew it!
Ai: Eh? Did I die?
Ai: They didn't die, right?
NoriP: No, no, no..
NoriP: Wh..
NoriP: You just died there right, you just used a continue..
Eh!?
Ai: What are you talking about?
Ai: Were you really watching?
NoriP: I was really watching!
Ai: Balloon eyes can't see after all!
NoriP: *laughs* Don't blame it all on the balloon!
Ai: No, I wasn't..
NoriP: Balloons from all over the world...
Ai: Ah! Ah! This will soon be..
Ai: My Youtuber career... Soon I..
Ai: This is like something that was already seen!
Ai: Give me a break, give me a break
Ah!
Ai: The two-turn attack just came..
NoriP: Oh!
Ai: Nothing has changed... eh?
Ai: It's so hard!
Ai: Eh!?
Ai: Please do your best!
NoriP: This actually has an order in which you should defeat your ennemies...
Ai: Ah!
Ai: Right! Starting from the underlings..
NoriP: Yes
Ai: I was really out of order..
*laughs*
NoriP: You tried to do the stronger one first..
Ai: Right, right, I'm going to do it in the right order..
NoriP: Then please keep on going..
NoriP: Well, if you lose with this, it would be terrible!
Ai: Yeah, that's right!
Ai: After all I've tossed, only a fool would lose
NoriP: That's why you're going to get passed
NoriP: The uppers, you won't be made a Cryptract upper..
Ai: Please!
Ai: Don't push me!
Ai: Ah, ah..
Ai: His one attack is too much!
Ai: Too much!
Ai: Good, good, good!
Ai: Aaaah...
Ai: Aaah...
Ai: Eh?
Ai: Aha...
Ai: Ah!?
Ai: Aaaaah!?
Ai: It's so strong!
Ai: Eh?
Ai: But, with this...
Ai: What?
Ai: Wait, isn't it becoming stronger...?
Ai: Wait a moment!
Ai: Okay!
Ai: Why do you do this!?
NoriP: Eh?
NoriP: We can't really see a lot with the fog..
Ai: That's right..
Ai: Eh, what's written there? Win?
NoriP: *laughs* Win's not written there, no..
Ai: Hm?
Ai: Ah?
NoriP: Ah?
Ai: Yeah, the fog is really troubling..
Ai: We couldn't understand what was going on there..
NoriP: Ai-chan, wai-..
NoriP: Cont... Conti... did you just used a continue?
Ai: No, no continue!
Nori: No continue?
Ai: The fog is just too big..
Ai: The fog..
NoriP: That's sly..
Ai: It's mostly the fog's fault..
NoriP: That aside..
Ai: Mostly the fog..
NoriP: Let's beat him!
Ai: Let's do that!
NoriP: Even if you used a continue, let's defeat him!
Ai: HEY, YOU DON'T HAVE TO SAY I USED A CONTINUE!
Ai: YOU DON'T HAVE TO SAY IT!
NoriP: *laughs* Well, you'll get found out, so..
Ai: If you don't say it, good kids won't understand it!
*laughs*
Ai: They don't understand!
NoriP: Of course
Ai: Yes!
Ai: Even if it's a lie, just keep lying..
NoriP: It becomes real!
Ai: How was it called again? That's it!
Ai: Ah! Ha! Please don't paralyze me!
Ai: Aaah!
Ai: Elizabeth-chan!
Ai: No more..
Ai:  You know..
Ai: It's as if..
Ai: If I wait, I can use very strong attacks, but...
Ai: This paralysis...
Ai: It makes them go "uzaza"..
Ai: Ah, the fog is even bigger again..
Ai: This makes me really upset!
Ai: Can't anything be done about it?
NoriP: If you're paralyzed..
Ai: Yes..
NoriP: You can't use skills like that, so..
Ai: Aaah!
Ai: So, after all, the paralysis is...
Ai: Better used on those who have skills?
Ai: That's better..
Ai: I see..
Ai: Ah!
Ai: This is nice! The timing is great!
Ai: Yoi!
Ai: Oh?
NoriP: Oh?
Ai: Have mercy!
Ai: Looks like... the fog will prevent us to see again..
*laughs*
Ai: Nice
Ai: Do it more!
Ai: It's like, if you watch anime..
Ai: Sometimes...
Ai: There's this kind of cloud or light, you know..
NoriP: Yes.. yes..
NoriP: Yes
Ai: I think that they're really disturbing!
Ai: But now, they're pretty good!
Ai: Aaaah, ha!
Ai: I can do it, with this!
NoriP: You can still do it!
Ai: Gooood!
Ai: Ahh, after all, it's really strong!
Ai: What do you think?
NoriP: A good thing happened!
Ai: Without a continue, you know!
NoriP: That was incredible!
Ai: Incredible!
NoriP: You won with 2 continues!
Ai: AGAIN!?
NoriP: *laughs*
Ai: You don't need to say those kind of things!
NoriP: I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Ai: Your superiors didn't teach you about this!?
NoriP: I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Ai: Yes
NoriP: That's right!
NoriP: No continue..
Ai:  No con.. oh, this is cute! Eh?
Ai: Foxes are cute!
NoriP: You got something..
Ai: It's cute, pretty..
Ai: Just now...
Ai: It's so cute!
Nori: That's a Genju..
Ai: It's hands are like "BASCON!"
Ai: It's so cute!
NoriP: Well, you got it as a reward..
Ai: Yes
NoriP: Isn't it worth it?
Ai: Pretty much..
Ai: How was it?
NoriP: Well, you lost so...
Ai: Eh!?
Ai: Lost? It was a win!
NoriP: No, well, you know...
NoriP: Compared to when you started, you've really improved
Ai: That's right!
NoriP: At first, you were like...
NoriP: You could only tap on it..
Ai: Yes, yes, yes..
NoriP: But now, you know the skill specialities, timing and all that
NoriP: Fighting while learning Genju's attributes..
Ai: That's right!
Nori: I think you've become pretty good
Ai: But, it's really where you should focus on
Ai: You're really sharp!
*laughs*
Ai: It was without meaning to
NoriP: It was on purpose, on purpose
Ai: It was without meaning to!
Ai: How was it?
NoriP: No...
NoriP: Hmm...
NoriP: There's still a lot of things that I would like to see...
Ai: There's still some left!?
NoriP: Until now, we did a lot of quizzes...
NoriP: Or other tests to see your abilities..
NoriP: Actually, like...
NoriP: Showing what you've learnt, your results..
NoriP: But not just that, luck as well..
NoriP: I would like to see, like summonings!
Ai: It's part of your strength..
Ai: Oh?!
NoriP: We're going to watch that?
Ai: Oh, this...
Ai: If I draw outside of videos, I've had really bad luck..
NoriP: Ah, is that so?
Ai: But when I'm recording, my luck is really good..
NoriP: Isn't that a characteristic of a star?
NoriP: You really have some lucky ones
Ai: Yes, I really do
Ai: Right now..
Ai: The chance boost is on Maidin-chan and Iris-chan..
Ai: My targets are..
Ai: This, Iris-chan..
Ai: Semuhaza-chan?
Ai: Semuhaza-san?
Ai: Hm?
Ai: Semuha...za...-chan?
NoriP: Yes..
Ai: Then..
Ai: I already have Meiko-chan and Dorothy-chan too..
NoriP: Yes
Ai: This is cute, she has some dolls!
NoriP: She's cute and she's strong! I got her!
Ai: Cute!
Ai: Why do you have her?
NoriP: *laughs* Because she appeared..
NoriP: Why, why you?
Ai: Damn directors, you upper dogs
NoriP: No, no, no..
Ai: Wan!
(Japanese onomatopeia for dogs)
Ai: You're an upper balloon
NoriP: Yes, I'm a balloon
Ai: So, let's do this..
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Come out!
Ai: Girls!
Ai: I like you, I love you!
Ai: "Love you"!
Ai: Ah...
Ai: This looks a bit...
NoriP: You can't really be sure, but...
NoriP: Ah...
...
Ai: AAAH!?
NoriP: Oh!?
Ai: I really got lucky!
Ai: Hey everyone, did you think I had failed? I really got this!
Ai: She's so cute!
Ai: Those stuffed toys around her are so cute!
NoriP: Twister!
Ai: Are they some kind of stuffed toys?
NoriP: Dorothy...
Ai: She's so cute!
NoriP: Just as you called it
Ai: Super cute!
Ai: Dorothy is from a fairy tale? Right?
NoriP: Woah, incredible, you really have some luck!
Ai: Looks like I really have some good luck!
NoriP: This is really great, isn't it?
Ai: Ohoho!
Ai: Eh!?
Ai: Amazing!
NoriP: Great luck!
Ai: What do you think?
Ai: Luck is the only thing I have!
NoriP: *laughs*
Ai: Only luck, only this!
NoriP: Well, luck is all what you need
Ai: Yaaay!
Ai: Eh?
NoriP: Let's team her up with your old team..
Ai: Dorothy..
Ai: Eh? Oh, I found her..
Ai: She's really cute!
Ai: Eh?
Ai: This...
Ai: I mean, Dorothy-chan herself is cute too, but..
NoriP: Yes!
Ai: Those two things around her are so cute!
NoriP: She attacks with them..
Ai: Eh!?
NoriP: If you tap on her..
Ai: Ah!?
Ai: It goes like "Shun"!
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Ah, so cute!
Ai: What about this little one?
Ai: This one's already attacking..
Ai: The other one protects her?
Ai: Standby, alright, she's a decoration
NoriP: She's on standby..
Ai: This girl so cute, like a mascot..
NoriP: *laughs*
Ai: Ah... but...
Ai: If I make a character..
Ai: She will be like, I always wanted to be like this kind of girl..
Ai: A girl with wings, a barrier, and stuffed toys!
NoriP: Creating a character...
NoriP: You really do want to make one..
Ai: Yes!
NoriP: I see..
Ai: I'll make one by myself and send it..
*laughs*
Ai: With a video..
Ai: I'll create it and send it!
Ai: And, if it's refused, I'm going to cry
Ai: Even so, I can't get her, right?
Ai: Eh... this girl can...
Ai: Create a shield for all allies for 3x damage...
Ai: Ah! She can make a barrier, nice!
Ai: Also..
Ai: It can hit 25 to 30 times, it's nice!
Ai: What's the silence effect?
Ai: It's when they can't do anything right?
NoriP: Yes
Ai: Oh!
(Silence effect: Skills can't be used)
Ai: That earlier one, it was floating..
NoriP: Yes, that was..
Ai: If it is silenced, Reju... revive can't be used..
NoriP: Skill... skill... yes.
NoriP: Yes, you can't use skills..
Ai: Oh! Perfect!
Ai: Good timing!
NoriP: Yeah
Ai: Nice!
NoriP: Very powerful...
Ai: I really am..
Ai: Furthermore..
Ai: She's a Light type which I don't really have a lot..
Ai: Yaah..
Ai: So? I'm really powerful, aren't I?
NoriP: Cryptract Quiz!
Ai: Oh!?
NoriP: All answers were correct
NoriP: Physical test, was a big fail
Ai: Physical test, was a big success!
NoriP: Eh?
Ai: Eh?
NoriP: But you used continues, didn't you?
Ai: I only repeated what you've said..
NoriP: Oh really?
Ai: Yes, yes, yes!
NoriP: So..
NoriP: Physical test..
NoriP: Was a big failure..
Ai: Was a big success..
NoriP: Oh whatever...
NoriP: But you were really strong with the summons!
Ai: Great!
Ai: If the end is good, everything is fine!
NoriP: So your outcome is..
Ai: Oh!
NoriP: Still in Review!
Ai: Ah!? Here it comes!
Ai: Review... that's a really handy word..
NoriP: Put it on review, NoriP doesn't really have the power..
Ai: Oh, so who does...?
Ai: Please bring someone who has authority!
NoriP: Yes... well, it's a bit...
NoriP: Hmmm....
NoriP: NoriP is really powerless..
Ai: Someone who has the power!
NoriP: This is useless, really
Ai: Eh?
NoriP: Asking a review for NoriP is useless
Ai: Next time, bring someone who can make a real review..
NoriP: Yes, yes, yes...
Ai: You know, to make it better..
Ai: Better and better..
Ai: Let's make it better..
NoriP: I'm doing it..
Ai: Great!
NoriP: It's just that...
NoriP: Unique?
NoriP: I'll tell my superiors, I definitely want to letthem know everything you've done for Cryptract
Ai: Yes, yes.. oh.. yes, yes
NoriP: So then..
NoriP: If you keep working hard..
NoriP: That kind of thing can happen too..
Ai: Oh! I see!
NoriP: Yes!
Ai: So I just need to keep making these kind of videos?
Ai: Well, I'm already doing it, I'm already doing it..
NoriP: You're already doing it, right?
Ai: They're done, right?
NoriP: They've been done, yeah
Ai: Then..
AI: Additionally, I'm thinking about a supportive song!
Ai: You know, I kind of want to make one, what do you think?
NoriP: You will create a song for Cryptract?
Ai: Yes, just for Cryptract!
NoriP: That would be appreciated!
Ai: Oh?
Ai: Right? Isn't it!?
NoriP: Yes, yes
Ai: I will, myself, compose this supportive song..
NoriP: That sounds nice, I'm very happy for your support
Ai: Yes! Yes!
NoriP: It makes me quite curious..
Ai: Yes it is, count on me!
NoriP: Yes, yes, yes, I want your support
NoriP: Then I'll report about this too
Ai: Yes!
Ai: With this.. it's perfect
NoriP: Those uppers..
Ai: It feels like "Ga, ha, ha"!
NoriP: *laughs* It really does!
Ai: Yes, thank you very much for today!
NoriP: Thank you very much!
Ai: Well, next time..
Ai: Bring someone from the uppers
NoriP: Yes, the uppers..
Ai: Then, next is, even more higher people..
NoriP: Yes, even higher...
Ai: And next..
Ai: Bring some even more higher than higher people!
NoriP: Right, then I'm not necessary, right?
Ai: No!
Ai: No, it's not like that, it's not like that..
*laughs*
NoriP: No, no, no, no, no..
Ai: You can just fly around..
NoriP: I could never do that..
Ai: With that being said, let's be hyped for the supportive song!
Ai: Please wait anxiously for the next one!
Ai: So then, this was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
Ai: See you later!
Translated by Vortex and 963852